I bibs very careful in the beginning of
my career and not to let anyone know I
had children I had a special signal when
my business line rang so that my
children would be quiet it's tempting to
do the generation gap and say I don't
know anything what's hard is to be as
young as they are because most of the
people in power of you know or much
younger than they used to be most of
them really don't know their movies the
fact that they have a limited sense of
history or that they're you know 21
years old I don't think need be a
terrible thing if I throw out well I
want this is going to be something like
Dustin Hoffman's character in straight
time and say what I've even had guys
tell me all right you're turning in the
script on the weekend you won't hear
from me this weekend until I hear what
everybody thinks so in other words it's
that old line I don't have an opinion
until someone gives me one the first job
I ever had was for an hour episodic and
I wrote the whole thing and the
gentleman that was the producer on that
project after he had read it said in
this meeting oh you'll make a very good
mother someday because the dialogue
between the mother and the children is
really great the rest of the stuff needs
some work I think it's my job to be as
young as they are and then instructively
educate them back towards the 70s where
I like the movies and this sort of this
alarm went off in my head and I thought
gee if a guy had written good dialogue
between a father and a son I think they
would have seen that as a plus and they
wouldn't have questioned some of the
other said but they're afraid to say
what they truly feel because they'll be
held responsible and they've been fired
for those reasons so I can see why
they're afraid but also this may all be
you know socially inputted prejudice of
my own that's developed over the years
of hearing that that that prejudice
exists but I was careful after that I'm
not anymore because I don't have to be
anymore the wood is afraid of you not
your hand your hand shouldn't be afraid
of the board the board should be afraid
of you I will guide them with my
superior length of time wisdom acquired
but I will not at any point admit to
having you know any kind of advanced age
that's the thing that you have to get
past in Hollywood as the person with the
ideas
you are the one that's moving everything
it's not them if you love seven these
movies you still do and you make it well
known but you have to stay as young as
the youngest executive an executive puts
a roadblock up you'll just write another
one you can always write another story
but what are they going to do are these
date the youngest executive and they get
fired every day and their job security
is so bad that they're always afraid
afraid afraid afraid even if you weren't
buying my work I'd be sitting down
writing six hours every day I've done it
since I was eight years old you not
buying it won't stop me we have no fear
we just right and we hand it in and if
it works it works and if it doesn't we
write another one that's job security as
your brain as your creativity and they
don't have